What poison do you want to poison this king?
The medicine that is ready to kill you
Oh, look, I scared you.
This is the Chu Palace
Can I really kill you?
I stayed overnight to save your life
You are not a good person.
Thanks a lot. What did you say?
Louder, I can't hear you.
The king said thank you
cut
You said something human.
Didn't you call just now?
Different needles have different effects.
You just need to cooperate obediently
This shot we spank
Will you get out of here?
Humph
Princess
How is the prince?
Don't worry, you're feeling better.
The princess still has a wound on her body
When the jade clothes came last night
He won't let anyone deal with it
But the subordinates are worried
Ignore it
Something will happen.
I checked his injuries last night
Except for leg injuries